"So, old man, what's in that book?" the rowdy blonde girl walked through the grass and right up to me who sat on the steps of the old porch. I looked at her and smile.

"Oh, it's nothing important, for you at least." I say through my wrinkled lips. My words are genuine as there is nothing important to her in that book. It's something for my eyes only.

"Why are you holdin' out on me, ze?" the witch known as Marisa sighed in dissapointment as she stared behind me, through the dark doorway and to the book sitting on my dresser. "We're supposed to be fightin' together and you won't even let me look at the book?"

"A simple answer? No." I let out a taunting laugh. Marisa Karisame, my ally for this upcoming battle, just sighed. She didn't seem like she wanted to continue the pointless conversation. It was short, brief, but she turned away with broom in hand and walked into the dark doorway.

"Hey, don't even think about it!" I yell at her and into the darkness but my words fall on deaf ears. Disobeying me, she grabbed the book and just began to read. Her eyes shift right and left as she absorbed every letter on the page. Every single letter, every space, all of it was gathered by that thing she called a brain.

"Ehh...um..." she raised a hand, scratching the top of her brow.

"I told you." I said as I sat up from the porch, moving into the room with my young comrade.

"Told me what, ze?" Marisa stared at me. She felt discouraged, just as I thought.

"Familiars aren't meant to use their Master's Contract Weapon... although." I stop myself, thinking back to the previous battles I've experienced. That young girl, her face, her golden eyes. I can't help but feel I've been cursed to lose a close friend again. I turn away from Marisa to look out into the field beyond the open doorway.

"Ey'" Marisa's voice called out to me but I don't feel I should answer her. "Ey! Ol' man!" she called again but I still don't give her the light of day. "EY!" a black book flew into the air and stopped right at my back. I take a step forward to regain my balance. I turn my head to look at the annoyed young girl's face.

"I-I'm sorry Marisa, just letting memories get the best of me. Ahahaha." I said with a relieved smile.

"Memories? Uh... if you do that during battle, don't know what to do. Just be on your guard, ze." Marisa smiled. I don't know what to make of that expression. Is she being serious or sarcastic? I haven't known her for too long so I guess it was the latter... or was it?

"I feel sorry for ya, Marisa." I looked to the floor of the shack to avert my gaze from the young, mischevious witch before me.

"Feel sorry for me, ze?" Marisa, having no clue what I was getting too, stepped forward to get a better look at me. She leaned down and looked into my eyes. Her smile coiled into a frown. "What's the matter?"

"I feel that you would do much better in this battle with a suitable Master." I said what I wanted to say. I felt it was true but Marisa just shook her head.

"You're probably right." Marisa said, her voice like the blunt edge of an axe.

"AHaha, you don't hold back, do you?" I turned my head to get a better look at the blonde haired gir.

"What do you take me for? A liar, ze?"

"Yeah."

"Too cruel, da ze." she turned my way, giving me a wide smile. Her teeth were showing.

"What's with that smile?" I bend down to grab the black book that the little witch had thrown at my back earlier. My back cracked under the stress of such a simple motion. "AGh..." I fell to the ground, my knees stopping my descend into the wooden floor.

"Ey!" Marisa walked forward, bending down to offer me a hand. "Don't go dying on me yet, we haven't even got into a fight, ze." she had sat the broom down before giving me a hand.

"It'll take more than an old body to take me out, Marisa. I have that heart of an ox!" I said, hiding behind big words.

"And the body of an ant," she sighed, "You have to take care of yourself, ze. How long have you been living out here? How do you even survive on your own, ze?"

"You get used to it... living on your own, having no one to support you, having no one to love you. You just... get used to it." I walked over to my bed, taking a seat on the hard white mattress.

"That's not something I'd get used to." Marisa raised a brow, questioning my way of thinking. "That's really sad, ze. Why don't you go into town and get something to eat. Ya know, socialize."

"It's not for me." I looked to the sky for a brief moment. I bring my attention from the dead, wooden roof to the blonde girl before me. "It's not for me, ahaha."

"You don't even try?" Marisa took a seat on an old chair. She placed her elbow onto the dusty coffe table as she propped her palm to her chin. "You don't get nothin' if you don't put effort into anything, ya know. Gotta try, ze."

"I don't have to do anything I don't feel like doing." I sighed. I sound like a child being forced to eat broccoli, but that's how I felt.

"Again, sad." Marisa turned her eyes into slits as she frowned.

"I'm a sad, lonely old man. Yasuo Kachibana, at your service." I stated my name and identitity. Things she already knew but emphasis was always good.

"I know your name, ol' man, or did ya forget that, ze?" the girl stood up from the chair and took a step forward to look me in the eye. "You goin' senile, ze?"

"I'm old but not that old." I replied to Marisa's sarcastic remark.

"Old is old in my book, ze."

"You're still full of energy, girl. Just wait until you're my age..."

"Uhh.. no thanks, ze." Marisa grimaced.

"Ahahaha," I laughed, "But.. enjoy your youth while you have it."

"Don't worry about me, ol' man. You should worry about yourself, ze."

I don't reply. I just sit there trapped in my own thoughts for a brief second.

"Ey', you there?" I heard the blonde girl talk but I don't reply. "Ey, ol' ma-" she stopped talking. I look up with tired eyes to see what happened.

The book was glowing.

"I guess it's time." I stood up from the bed, pushing my body to its peak.

This marked the beginning of yet another war. I had the fortune to have formed a contract with such a bright eyed girl... I feel sorry for her. Putting my emotions aside, I walk toward the glowing book and take it in hand. 